# summary

Open an environment in your web browser.

# description

You can open the following types of environments in a web browser: scratch orgs, sandboxes, Dev Hubs, and production orgs.

If you run the command without flags, it attempts to open your default environment in your default web browser.

Each of your environments is associated with an instance URL, such as https://login.salesforce.com. To open a specific web page at that URL, specify the portion of the URL after "<URL>/" with the --path flag, such as /apex/YourPage to open a Visualforce page.

# examples

- To open your default environment, run the command without flags:

  sf env open

- Open the Visualforce page /apex/StartHere in a scratch org with alias "test-org":

  sf env open --target-env test-org --path /apex/StartHere

- View the URL but not launch it in a browser:

  sf env open --target-env test-org --path /apex/StartHere --url-only

- Open the environment in the Google Chrome browser:

  sf env open --target-env test-org --path /apex/StartHere --browser chrome

# flags.path.summary

Path to append to the end of the login URL.

# flags.url-only.summary

Display the URL, but don’t launch it in a browser.

# flags.target-env.summary

Environment name or alias to open.

# flags.target-env.description

Specify the login user or alias that’s associated with the environment. For scratch orgs, the login user is generated by the command that created the scratch org. You can also set an alias for the scratch org when you create it.

For Dev Hubs, sandboxes, and production orgs, specify the alias you set when you logged into the org with "sf login".

# flags.browser.summary

Browser in which to open the environment.

# flags.browser.description

You can specify that the environment open in one of the following browsers: Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome, or Windows Edge. If you don’t specify --browser, the environment opens in your default browser.
